Reduce clutter in "Find a coordinator" instructions (#2070)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

There are several ways to find a coordinator:

> - Users can do their own discovery with [Wasabi Nostr](https://github.com/Kukks/wasabinostr), a tool which reads Wabisabi coordinator announcements posted on Nostr relays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users can do their own discovery with tools like [Wasabi Nostr](https://github.com/Kukks/wasabinostr), which reads Wabisabi coordinator announcements posted on Nostr relays.
```

Reviewer: I'm adding _tools like_ back to not give the impression it is an "official" way or endorsement.
And maybe there are more/other such tools (idk).
The rest of the sentence is an improvement and applied✅
